Existing System
            In existing System, a research about a case study involving credit card fraud detection, where data normalization is applied before Cluster Analysis and with results obtained from the use of Cluster Analysis and Artificial Neural Networks on fraud detection has shown that by clustering attributes neuronal inputs can be minimized. And promising results can be obtained by using normalized data and data should be MLP trained. This research was based on unsupervised learning. Significance of this paper was to find new methods for fraud detection and to increase the accuracy of results. The data set for this paper is based on real life transactional data by a large European company and personal details in data is kept confidential. Accuracy of an algorithm is around 50%. Significance of this paper was to find an algorithm and to reduce the cost measure. The result obtained was by 23% and the algorithm they find was Bayes minimum risk.

Disadvantage:
●	In this paper a new collative comparison measure that reasonably represents the gains and losses due to fraud detection is proposed.
●	A cost sensitive method which is based on Bayes minimum risk is presented using the proposed cost measure.

Proposed System
     In proposed System, we are applying random forest algorithm for classify the credit card dataset. Decision tree is an algorithm for classification and regression. Summarily, it is a collection of decision tree classifiers. Decision tree has advantage over decision tree as it corrects the habit of over fitting to their training set. A subset of the training set is sampled randomly so that to train each individual tree and then a decision tree is built, each node then splits on a feature selected from a random subset of the full feature set. Even for large data sets with many features and data instances training is extremely fast in random forest and because each tree is trained independently of the others. The Decision tree algorithm has been found to provide a good estimate of the generalization error and to be resistant to overfitting.
Advantage:
●	Random forest ranks the importance of variables in a regression or classification problem in a natural way can be done by Decision tree.
●	The 'amount' feature is the transaction amount. Feature 'class' is the target class for the binary classification and it takes value 1 for positive case (fraud) and 0 for negative case (non fraud).
